hey you're in session studio CG 3d hope
you having a good new year today it's
ettore we're kicking off is in Maya
paint brushes and paint effects because
there's a little bit of a difference
between the paintbrush and the paint
effects as where you can with paint
brush you should know probably pretty
much can just paint paint effects you
can paint effects and so I'm going to
start off with here just two regular a
NURBS plain thing is you want to make
sure that it is a little bit above the
grid and being that I have text here it
isn't really matter that I kind of
attack with the text because it's going
to serve the purpose of purpose of not
being in the grid so when you actually
paint on it they will actually try to
paint on the grid and so when you
actually move your plane around it would
not you will have spaces in it and these
from my experience that it won't be it
gives you issues so it's a lot better
just to have it off the grid or have the
grid off period and then we're going to
go into render any gonna hit the little
paintbrush you're going to get to a
little dialog box here I'll phone the
right let me scroll down with one of the
first thing we need to do is assign it a
texture and I like mine at about 1024 x
1024 and I click assign and now you see
that the paintbrush is not having an X
on it is now open and ready to paint so
i take my scale i want to scale it up
just a little bit so you can see and
I've already got a paint selected here
that just default here it's going to
throw this on just to kind of show you
you know the kind of detail that it will
look at as a Jew just paint so let's
here we go so paint operators can go to
smear and I'll see I can just now smear
this this texture that I just painted
right here on to the nerves plane and
it's also bad blur you can blur it on
there
and this is this under paint effects and
under and under the artisan you can also
erase parts that you don't want you know
it's almost like a Photoshop right here
inside of Maya now to switched over to
artisan paint and now I just got a
regular orange kind of color here that
I'm inning and also painting a painting
effects right there on top and the two
brushes here you can get your visor up
where you can change your different
effects and by clicking on color you can
change the color all this right inside
the same same dialog box here and you
can blur in and smear and get them to
work work with each other in and they
play into each other which is really
cool so that's just kind of a once-over
on how to just get yourself going you
know then from there you can go into
your visor and this kind of make a get a
little rope here and kind of make a
little outline with a frame kind of
thing and you know just maybe even a
logo this kind of this shows you know
the mixture of paint in and paint
effects which is really cool because you
can put them right together you know
it's just like if you're in Photoshop
having to layer a texture on something
that you painted and pulling textures
and that are at this resolution is a
little bit more tedious and you can also
load your own textures and which is
really cool it takes a little getting
used to it however how the paint effects
work because it gets kind of sticky
sometimes where it feels like it's not
going out for you but just got to kind
of undue with some few times and redo it
and make sure it wakes up
choosing here just to throw a little
reef around here I kind of gotta add a
little bit of death to it and you see
right with in here you know I can just
come up with something that's just you
know ready to go right out I'm you can
just render this out and the as an image
and put this into any program that you
need and he can also change the text and
do all have the things to a colorize it
and you know make it Adam and everything
else this is right with inside the front
and just kind of given on some ideas you
know hmm hey maybe I can come up with
the with something just right with in
here you know like a snails snails house
or something who knows but anyways
that's just a quick once-over into paint
effects and paint brushes in Maya and
you guys have a good one